{
    "Major Arcana": {
        "The Fool": "The white dog represents loyalty and protection, urging caution. The bag symbolizes past experiences and wisdom. The cliff signifies the unknown future, while the white rose in The Fool's hand symbolizes purity and innocence.",
        "The Magician": "The infinity symbol above the Magician’s head represents unlimited potential. The table with the four suits symbolizes mastery over the elements. The snake belt is a symbol of transformation and eternity. The red and white colors indicate the balance of passion and purity.",
        "The High Priestess": "The pomegranates on the veil represent fertility and abundance. The crescent moon at her feet symbolizes intuition and the subconscious. The Torah scroll signifies divine knowledge, and the black and white pillars represent duality and balance.",
        "The Empress": "The crown of stars signifies her connection to the divine and universal wisdom. The pomegranate-patterned robe represents fertility and abundance. The wheat field indicates prosperity and growth. The shield with the Venus symbol represents love and beauty.",
        "The Emperor": "The ram heads on his throne symbolize Aries, representing authority and leadership. The ankh in his hand is a symbol of life. The mountains in the background signify stability and resilience. His red robe indicates power and passion.",
        "The Hierophant": "The keys at his feet represent the keys to heaven. The hand gesture symbolizes a blessing or benediction. The crossed keys symbolize the balance between conscious and subconscious minds. The triple crown signifies spiritual authority.",
        "The Lovers": "The angel Raphael above them symbolizes divine love and guidance. The tree of knowledge with the serpent represents temptation and the fall of man. The mountain in the background indicates the challenges that come with love. The sun symbolizes enlightenment and clarity.",
        "The Chariot": "The black and white sphinxes represent duality and the need for balance. The starry canopy signifies divine guidance. The charioteer’s armor, adorned with crescent moons, symbolizes spiritual protection. The city in the background represents societal structures and goals.",
        "Strength": "The infinity symbol above the woman’s head represents infinite wisdom and compassion. The lion symbolizes raw passions and desires that need to be tamed. The woman’s white robe signifies purity and spiritual strength. The floral crown and garland symbolize nature and growth.",
        "The Hermit": "The lantern represents the light of knowledge and the search for truth. The six-pointed star inside the lantern symbolizes wisdom. The staff represents support and balance. The gray cloak signifies discretion and withdrawal from the material world.",
        "Wheel of Fortune": "The wheel itself represents the cycles of life and karma. The four winged creatures symbolize the four evangelists and the fixed signs of the zodiac. The letters T-A-R-O can be rearranged to spell ‘Rota’, meaning wheel. The alchemical symbols represent the elements.",
        "Justice": "The scales represent balance and fairness. The sword signifies the power to make decisions. The purple veil behind Justice symbolizes compassion and understanding. The square on the crown signifies clarity of mind and order.",
        "The Hanged Man": "The halo around his head signifies enlightenment. The position of his legs forms a cross, symbolizing sacrifice. The rope signifies a voluntary surrender. The gray background indicates neutrality and the suspension of action.",
        "Death": "The white horse represents purity and the inevitability of change. The rising sun signifies renewal and new beginnings. The fallen king signifies that death comes to all, regardless of status. The river in the background represents the flow of life.",
        "Temperance": "The angel’s white robe signifies purity. The water flowing between the cups represents the blending of opposites. The triangle on the angel’s chest symbolizes balance and harmony. The path leading to the mountains signifies the journey towards enlightenment.",
        "The Devil": "The inverted pentagram represents the material world and the darker aspects of human nature. The chains around the figures’ necks indicate self-imposed limitations. The torch held by the devil symbolizes destructive passions. The black background signifies ignorance and fear.",
        "The Tower": "The lightning bolt represents a sudden and disruptive revelation. The falling figures symbolize the collapse of false beliefs. The crown being knocked off the tower signifies the loss of power and ego. The fire represents purification and destruction.",
        "The Star": "The eight-pointed star represents hope and guidance. The two jugs signify the balance between the conscious and subconscious. The bird on the tree symbolizes spirituality and higher thinking. The green landscape indicates growth and renewal.",
        "The Moon": "The two towers represent the known and the unknown. The dog and wolf signify the tamed and the wild aspects of the mind. The crayfish emerging from the water symbolizes the early stages of consciousness. The moon represents intuition and illusion.",
        "The Sun": "The child on the white horse symbolizes innocence and purity. The sunflowers represent the four elements and the seasons. The sun signifies clarity, vitality, and success. The red banner indicates celebration and life force.",
        "Judgement": "The angel blowing the trumpet signifies the call to awaken and the emergence of a new self. The rising figures represent resurrection and renewal. The mountains in the background indicate the challenges of spiritual awakening. The cross on the flag represents balance and protection.",
        "The World": "The laurel wreath represents victory and achievement. The four figures in the corners signify the balance of the four elements. The dancer in the center symbolizes the cyclical nature of life and the fulfillment of goals. The two wands signify balance and harmony."
    },
    "Suit of Wands": {
        "Ace of Wands": "The sprouting leaves on the wand symbolize growth and potential. The hand emerging from the cloud signifies divine inspiration. The landscape in the background indicates fertile ground for new ventures. The castle represents future goals and achievements.",
        "Two of Wands": "The globe in the figure’s hand symbolizes potential and planning. The figure stands between two wands, representing a choice between staying in the comfort zone or venturing into the unknown. The red hat signifies ambition and desire.",
        "Three of Wands": "The three wands symbolize the establishment of plans and partnerships. The ships in the distance signify trade, progress, and the fruits of one’s efforts. The figure looking out to sea represents foresight and anticipation of future successes.",
        "Four of Wands": "The floral garland and the festive setting symbolize celebration and joy. The four wands represent stability and structure. The castle in the background signifies a solid foundation and security. The figures in the card represent community and shared happiness.",
        "Five of Wands": "The five figures in conflict symbolize competition and struggle. The wands represent differing opinions and the challenges of working with others. The chaotic scene signifies the need for resolution and finding common ground.",
        "Six of Wands": "The laurel wreath symbolizes victory and recognition. The white horse represents purity and the just nature of the victory. The cheering crowd signifies public acknowledgment and support. The red cloak indicates passion and pride.",
        "Seven of Wands": "The figure standing on higher ground symbolizes advantage and defense. The six wands below represent opposition and competition. The green landscape indicates ongoing growth despite challenges. The figure’s determined stance signifies perseverance.",
        "Eight of Wands": "The eight wands flying through the air symbolize swift movement and progress. The clear sky indicates clarity and a sense of direction. The river represents the flow of life and the culmination of efforts.",
        "Nine of Wands": "The figure with a bandaged head symbolizes resilience and readiness to face challenges. The eight wands in the background signify past struggles and the strength gained from them. The brown ground represents stability and the need for perseverance.",
        "Ten of Wands": "The figure carrying the ten wands symbolizes burden and responsibility. The village in the background signifies the goal and the end of a journey. The heavy load represents the weight of obligations and the effort required to achieve one’s goals.",
        "Page of Wands": "The figure’s vibrant clothing symbolizes youthful energy and creativity. The desert landscape indicates the potential for growth in even the most challenging environments. The wand with sprouting leaves represents new ideas and opportunities.",
        "Knight of Wands": "The knight’s armor and the rearing horse symbolize readiness for new challenges. The desert landscape signifies determination and the ability to overcome obstacles. The red plume on the knight’s helmet represents passion and drive.",
        "Queen of Wands": "The sunflower symbolizes vitality and growth. The black cat at the queen’s feet signifies intuition and a connection to the mysterious aspects of life. The lions on the throne represent strength and courage.",
        "King of Wands": "The salamanders on the king’s robe represent transformation and control over the element of fire. The green landscape indicates prosperity and growth resulting from wise leadership. The throne symbolizes authority and power."
    },
    "Suit of Swords": {
        "Ace of Swords": "The crown and laurel on the sword signify victory and triumph over obstacles. The hand emerging from the cloud represents divine intervention and clarity of thought. The mountains in the background symbolize challenges and the attainment of goals.",
        "Two of Swords": "The blindfolded figure symbolizes the need for inner clarity and the challenge of making difficult decisions. The crossed swords represent a stalemate and the need for balance. The calm sea in the background suggests emotional detachment.",
        "Three of Swords": "The pierced heart represents emotional pain and difficult truths. The stormy sky signifies turmoil and grief. The three swords indicate the impact of betrayal or loss.",
        "Four of Swords": "The figure lying on the tomb represents rest and recuperation. The stained glass window suggests a spiritual aspect to the rest. The three swords above signify past struggles, while the single sword below indicates readiness for future challenges.",
        "Five of Swords": "The figure holding the swords represents victory through dishonorable means. The defeated figures in the background signify loss and the consequences of selfish actions. The gray sky suggests a sense of clarity and revelation through conflict.",
        "Six of Swords": "The figures in the boat represent transition and moving away from difficulties. The calm waters ahead indicate a sense of peace and resolution after turmoil. The swords in the boat signify the experiences and lessons carried forward.",
        "Seven of Swords": "The figure sneaking away with the swords represents strategy and deception. The camp in the background indicates the need for careful planning. The yellow sky suggests awareness and cunning in navigating tricky situations.",
        "Eight of Swords": "The bound and blindfolded figure represents feeling trapped and unable to see a way out. The swords surrounding her indicate mental barriers and restrictions. The water and mud around her feet signify emotional and mental confusion.",
        "Nine of Swords": "The figure sitting up in bed represents sleepless nights and the weight of worries. The swords on the wall signify the accumulation of anxieties. The black background indicates deep despair and the intensity of mental anguish.",
        "Ten of Swords": "The figure lying face down with ten swords in their back represents ultimate defeat and the end of a painful cycle. The red sunset signifies the end of a difficult period and the potential for new beginnings. The black background indicates a sense of finality.",
        "Page of Swords": "The figure’s dynamic pose represents readiness to learn and the pursuit of truth. The windy landscape indicates the active and restless nature of the mind. The sword held high signifies clarity of thought and determination.",
        "Knight of Swords": "The knight’s determined expression and charging horse represent quick and decisive action. The stormy clouds signify the tumultuous nature of the knight’s journey. The sword held forward indicates the pursuit of goals with intensity.",
        "Queen of Swords": "The queen’s stern expression represents honesty and the ability to make clear, rational decisions. The clouds and wind around her signify a sharp mind and the influence of intellect over emotions. The throne adorned with butterflies symbolizes transformation.",
        "King of Swords": "The king’s throne and sword represent power and authority. The birds and clouds in the background signify a higher perspective and clarity of thought. The king’s stern expression indicates fairness and objectivity in decision-making."
    },
    "Suit of Cups": {
        "Ace of Cups": "The overflowing cup represents abundance of love and compassion. The five streams of water symbolize the five senses and the flow of emotions. The dove signifies peace and the divine spirit. The water lilies indicate purity and spiritual enlightenment.",
        "Two of Cups": "The entwined figures symbolize a harmonious and balanced relationship. The caduceus above them signifies healing and unity. The lion’s head and wings represent strength and divine protection. The cups indicate emotional exchange and connection.",
        "Three of Cups": "The three figures dancing together symbolize joy, community, and the sharing of good times. The abundant harvest in the background signifies prosperity and the rewards of collective efforts. The raised cups indicate celebration and gratitude.",
        "Four of Cups": "The figure sitting under the tree represents introspection and the need to reevaluate one’s emotional state. The cloud offering a cup signifies potential opportunities being overlooked due to a lack of awareness. The three cups on the ground symbolize past experiences.",
        "Five of Cups": "The figure focusing on the spilled cups represents grief and the inability to see remaining opportunities. The flowing river and bridge in the background suggest the possibility of moving forward. The two standing cups signify hope and future potential.",
        "Six of Cups": "The children exchanging cups represent happy memories and the joy of simpler times. The flowers in the cups signify the blossoming of past experiences into positive emotions. The house in the background indicates comfort and security.",
        "Seven of Cups": "The floating cups filled with various items represent the multitude of possibilities and the challenge of discerning reality from fantasy. The clouds signify confusion and the need for clarity in decision-making. The figure’s contemplative stance indicates introspection.",
        "Eight of Cups": "The figure walking away from the stacked cups represents the journey towards personal fulfillment and leaving behind what no longer serves. The moonlit sky signifies introspection and the guidance of intuition. The cups left behind indicate past achievements.",
        "Nine of Cups": "The figure sitting comfortably with nine cups behind him represents emotional contentment and the realization of personal desires. The red hat signifies joy and the celebration of achievements. The cups arranged in a semicircle symbolize fulfillment.",
        "Ten of Cups": "The rainbow and blue sky symbolize happiness and harmony. The family scene represents emotional fulfillment and the joy of shared love. The green landscape indicates growth and stability. The rainbow signifies blessings and the promise of lasting happiness.",
        "Page of Cups": "The figure holding a cup with a fish emerging represents the surprise and wonder of new ideas. The blue tunic signifies intuition and openness to new emotional experiences. The water in the background indicates emotional depth.",
        "Knight of Cups": "The knight riding a white horse represents a quest for love and beauty. The flowing water in the background indicates the movement and fluidity of emotions. The armor signifies the readiness to protect one’s feelings. The winged helmet symbolizes imagination.",
        "Queen of Cups": "The queen’s serene expression represents nurturing and empathy. The ornate cup she holds signifies her connection to the subconscious and her ability to understand and manage emotions. The water surrounding her throne indicates emotional depth.",
        "King of Cups": "The king sitting on a throne in the middle of the sea represents mastery over emotions and the ability to remain calm amidst turmoil. The fish and ship in the background signify adaptability and the journey of emotional growth. The cup he holds symbolizes control over feelings."
    },
    "Suit of Pentacles": {
        "Ace of Pentacles": "The hand emerging from the cloud represents divine offering and potential for material success. The lush garden indicates growth and fertile ground for new ventures. The archway symbolizes new opportunities and prosperity.",
        "Two of Pentacles": "The figure juggling the pentacles represents the need to balance multiple responsibilities. The ships on the tumultuous sea in the background signify the ups and downs of life’s journey. The infinity symbol indicates continuous motion and balance.",
        "Three of Pentacles": "The figures working together in a cathedral represent the value of teamwork and the combination of different talents. The mason’s tools symbolize skill and craftsmanship. The cathedral indicates a long-term, significant project.",
        "Four of Pentacles": "The figure clutching the pentacles represents a strong attachment to wealth and possessions. The gray background signifies a lack of spiritual fulfillment. The city in the background indicates the material world and external influences.",
        "Five of Pentacles": "The figures walking in the snow represent struggle and exclusion. The warm light from the church window suggests hope and the possibility of refuge. The crutches indicate physical and spiritual hardship.",
        "Six of Pentacles": "The figure distributing coins represents charity and the balance between giving and receiving. The scales signify fairness and justice. The figures receiving the coins symbolize the importance of helping others.",
        "Seven of Pentacles": "The figure contemplating his crops represents the need for reflection and the evaluation of progress. The green plants signify growth and the rewards of hard work. The posture of the figure indicates patience and assessment.",
        "Eight of Pentacles": "The figure diligently working on his pentacles represents the importance of dedication and attention to detail. The repetitive nature of the work signifies mastery through practice. The town in the background indicates future aspirations.",
        "Nine of Pentacles": "The figure in a lush garden represents self-sufficiency and the enjoyment of personal achievements. The falcon signifies focus and the luxury of enjoying the fruits of one’s labor. The vineyard indicates abundance and prosperity.",
        "Ten of Pentacles": "The multi-generational scene represents the culmination of material success and the importance of family and tradition. The archway signifies a stable foundation and continuity. The family crest indicates heritage and legacy.",
        "Page of Pentacles": "The figure holding a pentacle represents eagerness to learn and the potential for material growth. The green landscape indicates a fertile environment for new ventures. The mountains signify challenges and aspirations.",
        "Knight of Pentacles": "The knight on a stationary horse represents a steady and methodical approach to achieving goals. The plowed field in the background signifies hard work and preparation for future success. The armor represents protection and reliability.",
        "Queen of Pentacles": "The queen’s serene expression and the lush surroundings represent the ability to create a prosperous and comfortable environment. The rabbit signifies fertility and the nurturing aspect of the queen. The pentacle she holds symbolizes material security.",
        "King of Pentacles": "The king’s opulent throne and abundant surroundings represent material success and the ability to manage resources wisely. The grapes and vines signify prosperity and the enjoyment of life’s pleasures. The armor indicates protection and authority."
    }
}
